in_node_exporter_metrics: Add macOS into a table of supported metrics (#1197)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/node-exporter-metrics.md

**Important note:** Metrics collected with Node Exporter Metrics flow through a separate pipeline from logs and current filters do not operate on top of metrics.

> This plugin is currently supported on Linux based operating systems for the most part and some parts of collecting metrics are offering for macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin is supported on Linux-based operating systems for the most part with macOS offering a reduced subset of metrics.
The table below indicates which collector is supported on macOS.
```

> note: the Version column specifies the Fluent Bit version where the collector is available.

| Name      | Description                                                                                      | OS           | Version      |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------ | ------------ |

> | cpu       | Exposes CPU statistics.                                                                          | Linux,macOS  | v1.8,v2.2    |

Reviewer: Should this be 2.2 version @cosmo0920 ?

Author: Yes. macOS metrics should be in v2.2 if we ship in the near future. This feature is not targeted for v2.1.
